README.md, before:

# Rustcrab
![rust_background_720](https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/assets/18360871/d4a783ef-e4a4-4192-a7a0-fc05df133425)

Rustcrab is a non-crap repository for Rust developers, providing a variety of resources, tools, and guides to help you enhance your Rust programming skills.

## Project Overview

This project is a Next.js application with Tailwind CSS and TypeScript. 

It includes a real-time display of the number of stars on the GitHub repository and supports light and dark mode toggling. 

The application also integrates with daily.dev for additional developer resources.

## Features

- **Real-time GitHub Stars**: Displays the current number of stars for the repository.
- **Light/Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for various screen sizes using Tailwind CSS.
- **Developer Resources**: Includes links to daily.dev and GitHub repository.
- **Social Media Integration**: Links to Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Discord, and Instagram.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 14.x or later)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab.git
   cd rustcrab
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

   or

   ```bash
   yarn
   ```

### Running the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

or

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the application.

### Building for production

To create an optimized production build, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

or

```bash
yarn build
```

This will generate a out directory containing the optimized build.

### Deployment

You can deploy this Next.js application to various platforms such as Vercel, Netlify, or any other hosting provider supporting static site hosting.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! 

Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

contributing rule added in readme file

README.md, after:

# Rustcrab
![rust_background_720](https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/assets/18360871/d4a783ef-e4a4-4192-a7a0-fc05df133425)

Rustcrab is a non-crap repository for Rust developers, providing a variety of resources, tools, and guides to help you enhance your Rust programming skills.

## Project Overview

This project is a Next.js application with Tailwind CSS and TypeScript. 

It includes a real-time display of the number of stars on the GitHub repository and supports light and dark mode toggling. 

The application also integrates with daily.dev for additional developer resources.

## Features

- **Real-time GitHub Stars**: Displays the current number of stars for the repository.
- **Light/Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for various screen sizes using Tailwind CSS.
- **Developer Resources**: Includes links to daily.dev and GitHub repository.
- **Social Media Integration**: Links to Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Discord, and Instagram.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 14.x or later)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab.git
   cd rustcrab
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

   or

   ```bash
   yarn
   ```

### Running the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

or

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the application.

### Building for production

To create an optimized production build, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

or

```bash
yarn build
```

This will generate a out directory containing the optimized build.

### Deployment

You can deploy this Next.js application to various platforms such as Vercel, Netlify, or any other hosting provider supporting static site hosting.


### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow these guidelines to ensure a smooth and efficient process:

1. **Finding and Creating Issues:**
   - Browse the existing [Issues](https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues) to see if there is something you would like to work on.
   - If you find an issue that is not already assigned, you can assign it to yourself.
   - If you don't find an issue that matches your interests, feel free to create a new issue detailing the problem or improvement.

2. **Assigning Issues:**
   - Before starting work on an issue, check if it is already assigned to someone else.
   - Do not work on issues that are already assigned to another contributor. Your pull request (PR) will not be accepted if the issue is already assigned.
   - Assign the issue to yourself to indicate that you are working on it.

3. **Submitting Pull Requests:**
   - Ensure that your PR is linked to an assigned issue. PRs without an associated and assigned issue will not be accepted.
   - Follow the project's coding standards and guidelines.
   - Include a clear and concise description of the changes you have made in your PR.

4. **Code Review and Feedback:**
   - Be open to feedback and be prepared to make changes to your PR based on the review comments.
   - Engage in discussions on the PR to clarify any questions or concerns.

5. **Testing and Documentation:**
   - Ensure that your changes are well-tested and do not break existing functionality.
   - Update the documentation if your changes affect any part of it.

By following these guidelines, you help maintain a collaborative and efficient workflow. Thank you for contributing!
